Tina we know you really like every
school but we wanted to give you
something to help you remember some of
the special time she had it this goal is
here to give you our surprise going-away
present
it's blonde appear very all this kindest
happiest and best Barney's always been
full of surprises good to see you again
we heard you were coming we made this
very special presents it's from all of
us to you thank you Barney here's a
picture of the school from the
playground tree so you'll remember
playing there I love that everybody made
a hand cream Kenneth
and here's parties - wow this is really
special look at the terrific photographs
oh just a little something I was saving
in Japan clowns in a circus in the
marching thing I remember that Gary in
New York Lancaster nice and look at you
with the alligator baby Bob
we had fun yeah yeah it sure is nice to
remember good times with all your
friends that's right Barney
and every time we look at this book it
will remind us of all the good times we
had at our school we also have a
surprise for our newest friend it's a
book for collecting memories from this
school welcome to our school Kinnick
good to see you too Barney I think it's
time we take a picture of all of us
together
everybody get in the picture before the
camera takes I don't think a picture
like you to put in my book of memories
hit this line remember
I'm loving three cheese